-- Is friends with --

 1. We have the both viewer ID and viewed users ID
 2. We want to check if viewer is friend with the other user.
 
    --  If they are friends --
    
    1. We will conditionally output the button for deleting the connection	
    

I just checked the page bundle size its crazy high now uninstalling packages and vanilla writing everything all again xD 

   -- Set up --
     --- langauge choosing ---
     	1.we want a select form where the user will select the languages and its porficiency
     	
     	- If user hasn't selected both proficiency and langauges it wont be able to add another language
     	
     	
     --- Adding hobbies ---
     
     	1. I want to allow users to add hobbies
     	
     	   -- features --
     	   
     	   1. selecting multiple hobbies.
     	   2. deleting hobbies all at once.
     	   3. deleting hobbies one by one
     	   
     	   
	 It litteraly had 1.3MB on just 1 page + 1.4mb for main.js
 	-- considering 1mb download on 3G internet is 5 seconds of waiting it would round up to 10-15 seconds of waiting lol.
 		

Quickly I want to add keep me logged in funcionallity 

	Basically how I imagine it is that Sessions and cookies will be used.
		
		So whenever users get to login page they will have checkbox input to check or leave it blank.
		
		case "user checks":
			if user checks the input we will store token coming from server to cookies and set expiry time of 3 days
		case: "user didn't check":
			if user didn't check the input we will store token to sessionStorage
			
	
	How we would check if User is logged in thats easy question but still cover it.
	
		Small Harsh Info:
		
		So sessionStorage gets cleared wiped out nothing stays in sessionStorage after you(user) leave the page.
		while Cookies stay as long as browser e.g (Google, Firfox) is not closed or by setting your own expiry time meaning you decide when you want to delete the cookie.
		
		
		
		Logic:
		
			What happens when user lands on Home page
			
			  1.  We will use useEffect hook to verify if user has a access token in session or cookies
			  2.  If user has access token in session storage we will make modification to session storage if its cookies we would modify cookies
			  
		
		

 -- language options -- 
	
	So lets think about how will it function
	
		-- What you can do
		1. Obviously we want to be able to "select" the langauges.
		2. Be able to "Search" 
		3. Having language associated with Proficiency
		4. Being able to add new Languages field
		
		-- What you can't do
		5. Cant add more languages if current language field isn't filled
		6. Can't add more fields than all languages combined	
		
		We will need to update this thru code.
		Now I am gonna use "cat" command to watch what I have written here along coding.


--Chatting system--

	
	-- sockets
	
	whenever user sends the message we will send 

	-- saving messages to database
	
	lets say X sends message to Y
	In database we will save sender as X.id and receiver as Y.id -- we have model containing user who sent and reciever with the content that has been sent.
	
	Let's say X wants to see the chats with Y
	he clicks the user on sidebar sidebar makes get request to server sending id of Y user we would query for the messages that they have sent to each other with 
	
	MessageModel.find({queries}) and this is gonna give us all the messages that contain both Y an X user ids with its contents and the exact time it was sent.
	

	
		
-- FIXES TO BE DONE --
There are 2 conversation ids take a look at that
Socket may not be disconnecting
password leak in findMatch functionallity
